Group non-Unix epoch ROS 2 messages on a shared timeline (#11218)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/reference/mcap/message-formats.md

We are continually adding support for more standard ROS2 message types. For the complete list of currently supported messages, see the [ROS2 message parsers in our codebase](../../../../crates/utils/re_mcap/src/layers/ros2.rs).

### Timelines

> Timestamps within Unix time range (1990-2100) create `ros2_timestamp` timelines. Values outside this range create `ros2_duration` timelines for relative time from custom epochs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `log_time` and `publish_time` timestamps that are part of an MCAP message, some ROS message payloads can have an additional [`Header`]( https://docs.ros.org/en/noetic/api/std_msgs/html/msg/Header.html) that may also contain timestamp information. These timestamps are put onto specific `ros2_*` timelines.

Timestamps within Unix time range (1990-2100) create a `ros2_timestamp` timeline. Values outside this range create a `ros2_duration` timeline representing relative time from custom epochs.
```
